Don’t shit yourself, whatever you do, don’t
do that or they’ll never let you fly again.
If I shit myself, and we crash, maybe it will
act as a rudimentary air bag and I’ll be the
only survivor.
No don’t do that, just stay calm, you’ll
be fine.
What is that on the wings, sticky tape? British
Airways would never put sticky tape on the
wings. This is simply outrageous.
Maybe I can just get off, they can’t keep
me on here against my will and....Oh, no,
I’m definitely going to die.
Jesus Christ, no one is going to live if we
crash from this height.
Did he just say catastrophic engine failure?
I’m pretty sure that’s exactly what he just
said.
Maybe if I just grip the armrest really hard
I can hold the plane together. Probably not
but maybe I’ll just keep doing it anyway.
Why is no one else bothered by this? It’s
cows in a slaughterhouse except without the
mooing.
Where does the pee go now? Does it get sucked
out? What if it sucks all the air out too
and we all suffocate? I don’t want to suffocate.
Maybe I’ll just leave it there.
No you can’t leave it, next we’ll all
be reading Gawker and shitting in the street.
Oh that’s not that bad at all JESUS CHRIST
What the hell is that on the window? I have
literally no idea but it’s probably fatal.
Are the wings wobbling, why are the wings
wobbling, do wings wobble? Probably just before
they snap off
Oh good, the electrics have failed, have they?
Well I guess they weren’t vital to flying
the plane.
If you’re listening, Jesus, I appreciate
you’re probably quite angry about the...drugs
and that girl and the butt stuff last week,
but I swear if you land the plane I’ll believe
in you, I absolutely promise, or if you’re
Jewish or Hindu or whatever, that’s fine
too, sign me up, just oh god please land the plane and I promise I'll
Hehe, nice try Jesus you statistically improbable...
twat